(blog) Cake VS Extension 0.3.0 (#1411)
cake-build/website: input/blog/2020-12-23-cake-vs-extension-release-0.3.0.md

---
title: Cake Visual Studio Extension Release 0.3.0
category: Release Notes
author: gep13
---

> The Cake Team is very happy to announce the 0.3.0 release of the [Cake Extension for Visual Studio](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vs-publisher-1392591.CakeforVisualStudio).  This release has been baking for quite a while now, the previous release shipped in 2017, but we are hoping that it will be worth the wait.

Reviewer: Link to VS page instead of directly the marketplace?

```suggestion
The Cake Team is very happy to announce the 0.3.0 release of the [Cake Extension for Visual Studio](/docs/integrations/editors/visualstudio/).  This release has been baking for quite a while now, the previous release shipped in 2017, but we are hoping that it will be worth the wait.
```

Author: I went with this, as this is what we had in the VSCode blog post, but I can get this fixed up.

> The main focus of this release, was to start to bring the extension within feature parity of the [Cake Extension for VSCode](/docs/integrations/editors/visualstudio). This is still a long way off, but we have made some good progress in the journey.  That is the main reason why this is a 0.3.0 release, rather than a 1.0.0 release.

Reviewer: Should link to VSCode:

```suggestion
The main focus of this release, was to start to bring the extension within feature parity of the [Cake Extension for VSCode](/docs/integrations/editors/vscode). This is still a long way off, but we have made some good progress in the journey. That is the main reason why this is a 0.3.0 release, rather than a 1.0.0 release.
```

Author: Doh!

> The main focus of this release, was to start to bring the extension within feature parity of the [Cake Extension for VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cake-build.cake-vscode). This is still a long way off, but we have made some good progress in the journey.  That is the main reason why this is a 0.3.0 release, rather than a 1.0.0 release.

Reviewer: Link to VSCode page instead of directly to the marketplace?

```suggestion
The main focus of this release, was to start to bring the extension within feature parity of the [Cake Extension for VSCode](/docs/integrations/editors/visualstudio). This is still a long way off, but we have made some good progress in the journey.  That is the main reason why this is a 0.3.0 release, rather than a 1.0.0 release.
```

The extension now supports Visual Studio 2019 (this has been a common request for a while now), however, we have had to drop support for Visual Studio 2015.  If you require running with Visual Studio 2015, we would recommend _not_ upgrading this extension.

> Also, in addition to supporting a globally installed version of Cake using the [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/cake.portable), the extension will now also look for (and execute), [Cake .NET Tool](/docs/running-builds/runners/dotnet-tool).

Reviewer: The `,` in front of Cake .NET Tool looks wrong to me

> Also, in addition to supporting a globally installed version of Cake using the [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/cake.portable), the extension will now also look for (and execute), Cake installed as the [.NET Tool](/docs/running-builds/runners/dotnet-tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, in addition to supporting a globally installed version of Cake using the [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/cake.portable), the extension will now also look for (and execute), [Cake .NET Tool](/docs/running-builds/runners/dotnet-tool).
```
